1. Built a CLIP formed framework. 

Instead of using GPT2 embedding models mentioned in proposal, I turned to use nn.Embedding model, which is the same in CLIP code repo. It requires less computational cost, and is easier to see whether contrastive learning algotithm could successfully filter out length bias, and measure how "ontopic" a response is corresponding to a certain prompt.

The framework is as following: on each of prompt and response side, we have a token embedding model, a position embedding model, a transformer, a projector. And we do contrastive learning to the vector after the projector from both prompt side and response side.

2. Train the model
I use a 20K dataset to do training process. For each prompt, it includes 4 responses generated by 4 different LLMs. And I use 80% datapoints as the training set. For a certain prompt, all 4 corresponseding responses are positive datapoints, while others are all negative datapoints. The training result is not that ideal, the training loss converges to 2.5 after 86 training steps.

3. Evaluation
I designed an "on-topic" evaluation task. For each prompt, their is an original response(positive), and a rewrite response(negative). The rewrite response will include similar keywords as the original response, but be forced to turn to another topic. The evaluation metric is the accuracy of identifying the more ontopic response.

The model has an accuracy of 68% in this task.

4. Next Step
- I'll design a baseline of directly using embedding similarity as the matching functioiin.
- I'll try to use a pre-trained embedding model such as roberta to build the framework so that the embedding part could have better ability to learn semantic information. 
- I'll also try to modify my training loss function, maybe train the model by (prompt, response) instead of (prompt, response1, response2, response3, response4).